NEXT-29147 - Add warning about twig use usage (#995)
shopware/docs: resources/references/storefront-reference/twig-function-reference.md

In Shopware, we extend Twig's functionality by custom ones. See our own actions below.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> **We do not support the usage of the `use` tag in twig**
> 
> Be careful while using the `use` tag for horizontal reuse in twig. [Twig documentation - use tag](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/use.html).
> Because it can break the inheritance we do not support the usage of the `use` tag with our `Storefront` templates. Any change in our templates can break your plugin or app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**No official support for the twig `{% use %}` tag**

Try to avoid importing blocks from the core templates with the `{% use %}` tag for horizontal reuse in twig. [Twig documentation - use tag](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/use.html).

The `{% use %}` tag does not consider the template inheritance similar to `{% sw_extends %}`.

Furthermore, templates which are imported via `{% use %}` are not allowed to have additional twig statements outside of twig blocks. Therefore, changes in core templates which are imported via `{% use %}` might break your app or plugin.
```

I tried to explain it a bit more and tried to rephrase the "using the use".
